>> Once again, we're in the fortunate position to be
able to bring a world expert into the classroom.
Vincent Vanhoucke is the principal scientist of
Google's deep learning team and he'll teach you the fundamentals of deep neural networks.
>> Vincent will cover the jump from machine learning to deep learning,
the architecture of multi-layer deep neural networks
and the concepts underpinning convolutional neural networks.
A convolutional neural network is a specialized type of
deep neural network that turns out to be particularly important for self-driving cars.
At the end of this section,
you'll use the TensorFlow deep learning library
to build your own convolutional neural network.
>> Within the course, you'll see
optional assignments which are designed to familiarize you with TensorFlow.
These assignments are a great way to get more practice and stand out to employers.
>> First things first. Let's learn from Vincent about how to take what you know about
machine learning and use it as
an entry point to deep learning. We'll see you when you finish.